Split Importing content assembly (#4774)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_repository-definitions-for-ubuntu.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="repository-definitions-for-ubuntu"]
= Repository definitions for Ubuntu

[role="_abstract"]

> Upstream Ubuntu *main*, *updates*, and *security* repositories under Standard Security Maintenance, and the optional {project-client-name} repository, for supported LTS and interim releases.

Reviewer: Foreman and orcharhino do not officially support interim Ubuntu releases.

```suggestion
You can use {Project} to distribute default OS content to hosts.
Synchronize the upstream Ubuntu *main*, *updates*, and *security* repositories, and the {project-client-name} repository to {Project}.
```

Actually, I want to write something like "The following tables list the required default operating system content so that you can replace upstream sources with (version controlled offline) content from Foreman+Katello on your hosts in all lifecycle phases." or similar. But I did not come up with anything that isn't self-referential.

Author: Can we improve abstracts in a following PR? I'm going to review all of them anyway.

Reviewer: works for me.

> Upstream repositories for Ubuntu include *main*, *updates*, and *security* repositories under Standard Security Maintenance, and the optional {project-client-name} repository, for supported LTS releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upstream repositories for Ubuntu include *main*, *updates*, and *security* repositories under Standard Security Maintenance, and the {project-client-name} repository, for supported LTS releases.
```

same as above.
